drinkId	drinkName	description	instructions	variant	deleted
3	Moscow Mule	Tasty ginger goodness	This drink can be built in the glass or shaken. If shaken shake the Vodka and Lime juice and pour over ice. Top with ginger beer and serve with a lime wedge for garnish. Alternatively, build and stir in the glass and top with a lime wedge for garnish.		0
44	Polarpanda Fizz	This drink was created for Team Fizz in the company Favrit to honor both the current team name (Fizz) and an earlier temporary name (Polarpanda).	Mix gin, lemon juice, simple syrup, egg white, and blue curacao in a shaker and dry shake for 10 seconds. Add ice and shake until chilled. Pour in a small chilled highball and top with soda water. Garnish with a good layer of black sesame seeds and serve with a bamboo straw.		0
45	Death in the Afternoon	Drink 3-5 of these slowly. - Ernest Hemingway	Pour the absinthe into a chilled glass and top with chilled champagne until it becomes cloudy. You can use any dry sparkling wine in place of the champagne, Krone Borealis Cuvée Brut works well.	Original	0
46	Death in the Afternoon		Stir or shake absinthe, lemon juice, and syrup before pouring into a chilled glass. Top with champagne. You can use any dry sparkling wine in place of the champagne, Krone Borealis Cuvée Brut works well.	Approachable	0
50	Pisco sour	The first Saturday of every February is Pisco Day!	Add Pisco, lemon, lime, syrup, and egg white to a shaker and give it a dry shake for 10 seconds. Shake the cocktail with ice to chill and dilute before pouring it into a chilled glass. Top with three drops of Angostura. Let the drink sit for a minute to let the foam settle before serving. The egg white can be substituted with aquafaba.		0
51	Penicillin	Supposedly cures the common cold!	Shake all the ingredients before serving in a lowball glass. Alternatively, you could use a honey syrup in place of the honey-ginger syrup and muddle 3-4 slices of fresh ginger into the drink.		0
75	Rusty Nail		Stir over ice and serve with ice. Express the oils from a lemon zest over top for a garnish.		0
76	Manhattan				0
77	Sazerac		Stir Rye, Cognac, Syrup and bitters with ice. Serve in a chilled, absinth-washed glass with no ice. Express the oils of a lemon peel over the drink and optionally leave it in for a garnish.		0
78	Negroni		Stir the ingredients to chill and serve over ice. Express a orange peel over top for garnish.		0
79	Americano		This drink is built in the glass. Add vermouth and Campari to the glass and top with soda and give it a little stir. Garnish with an orange wheel.		0
80	Whisky Sour		Give the whisky, lemon, syrup, and egg white a dry shake for 10 seconds. Shake with ice to chill and dilute. Pour the drink into a chilled glass, let the foam settle for a minute, and top with three drops of bitters and the oils of one lemon peel.		0
81	Dark 'N Stormy	The Dark 'N Stormy is patented by Gosling, and as such a real Dark 'N Stormy uses Gosling's Black Seal Rum.	Pour 4-5 oz of ginger beer into a glass with ice and with rum. Garnish with a lime wedge.		0
82	Sidecar		Start by sugaring a glass. Do this by tracing the rim of a glass with a lemon wedge and setting it upside down in a dish of sugar for a minute. Shake excess sugar off and put the glass in the freezer to chill. Shake cognac, orange liqueur, lemon juice with ice before pouring into your chilled rimmed glass.		0
83	Corpse reviver No. 2	Four of these taken in swift succession will unrevive the corpse again. - Harry Craddock	Shake Gin, Cocchi Americano, Triple Sec and lemon juice with ice. Serve in a chilled, absinthe washed glass.		0
84	The Momisette		Shake absinth, orgeat, and lemon juice. Pour into a chilled collins glass with ice at the same time as you pour in the soda water.		0
85	Mojito		Slap 10-12 mint leaves in your hand and throw them in a chilled collins glass. Rub the leaves lightly against the inside of the glass with a bar spoon. Shake the rum, lime juice, and syrup with ice. Fill your glass with ice and pour the cocktail in. Pull the mints up with a bar spoon and top with soda water. Garnish with another bunch of slapped mint.		0
86	Christmas Appletini		Shake vodka, calvados, apple, and lemon juice with cinnamon syrup and pour into a chilled glass. Garnish with slices of apple and a cherry.		0
88	Pegu Club		Shake with ice and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.		0
89	Julesangria	The Christmas soda is very sweet so you would do well to pick a dry red wine, and make your cinnamon syrup extra dry. 0.5:1 sugar to water seems to work well.	Mix all the liquid ingredients together and give it a light stir. Serve in a glass (or punch bowl) filled with slices of orange and green apples.		0
92	Daiquiri		Shake and strain into chilled glass.		0
93	Frozen Strawberry Daiquiri		Blend the rum, simple syrup, lime juice, strawberries with a cup of ice at high speed until smooth. Pour into a chilled glass and garnish with strawberry.		0
94	Shaken Strawberry Daiquiri		Muddle the strawberries. Add rum, lime juice and simple to the shaker and shake well with ice. Fine strain into a chilled glass and garnish with strawberry.		0
95	Bulk Moscow Mule	This creates a 5l jug of mule at about 8-10% ABV	In a large 5 liter jug with a pouring spout combine the ginger, lime and liquor. Pour Farris over the mixture slowly to preserve as much carbonation as possible. Top with a bunch of ice and stir gently with a ladle. Top with more soda, ginger or lime to taste. Note that the mixture changes in flavour and dilution as the ice melts and cools the cocktail, so you might want to let it rest for a couple of minutes.		0